{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 to do next for app\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 14th on the search list under \'93vivid\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
next features to add:\
-color calibration\
-try, just TRY to find a way to preview color in search results\
-find a way to do immersive mode with action bar\
-swipe away color fragment\
-translate into top lifestyle lang.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 current brands\
\ulnone Sherwin-Williams\
Behr\
Glidden\
Valspar\
Benjamin Moore\
\
launcher/play store icon\
48x48/512x512\
8 swatches, shades of red, brown, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple\
each swatch 115x401, sections have six 5px separators, sections are 53px wide\
\
languages:\
English\
Spanish\
French\
Italian\
\
German\
Chinese\
Japanese\
Korean\
Russian\
Arabic\
\
440-297-8000 glidden front desk\
\
To whom this may concern:\
\
I am currently developing an app that allows the user to look up paint colors by brand and display it on their phone. I plan on including Sherwin-Williams and all of your interior paint colors but am asking permission first in regards to this. If the user likes the color they chose on the app, they will be given the choice to do a web search on it which may lead to a link to your website or to a local retailer so that they may find more information about the paint color and possibly purchase it. If the app is popular enough, I also plan on adding ads to it. Thank you for your time.\
\
SQLite examples\
\
SELECT * FROM colors WHERE brand = \'93Sherwin-WIliams\'94\
// gets all Sherwin-Williams colors and associated info \
\
SELECT desc FROM colors WHERE brand = \'93Behr\'94\
// gets all color names that are Behr\
\
SELECT hexcode FROM colors\
// gets all hex codes for all brands\
\
SELECT * FROM colors WHERE hexcode = \'93#B32230\'94\
// gets that specific hexcode and associated info\
\
promoting my app:\
This is a free app I wrote in a week and I feel it addresses a simple need for homeowners. My app, Vivid, is basically a color swatch app that features over 10,000 paint colors from top paint brands. It shows the colors to the user in a grid of colors arranged by color family (reds are grouped together, blues, yellows, etc.). The user can click on a color to make it fullscreen and add it to a \'93favorites\'94 list for later viewing. They can also web search it for more info or even if they want to buy it from a local retailer (like Lowes or Home Depot). My app is supported on devices with Android 4.0+ and is Holo-designed. Here is the official description from the Play Store ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nasahapps.vivid"}}{\fldrslt https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nasahapps.vivid}}):\
\
Looking to start a paint job at your home but not sure of which colors to use? Try Vivid! This app will show you over 10,000 colors from major brands such as:\
\
- Behr\
- Benjamin Moore\
- Glidden\
- Sherwin-Williams\
- Valspar\
\
FEATURES\
-----------------\
- Eliminate the need to go to your local paint store to get color swatches\
- Bring up multitudes of shades of colors from top paint brands\
- Save colors you like in a list for later viewing\
- Want more info on a particular color? One click and a web search will be done so you can find more information about that color or even order it online from your nearest paint retailer\
- Know the desc of the color you want? Or what about its hexadecimal value? You can search for either one with the built-in search function\
\
\
emailing to interior designers:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs20 \cf2 To whom this may concern:\
\
My desc is Hakeem Hasan, and I recently developed a free Android app that was made for businesses such as yours. It's called "Vivid" and this app features every interior paint color (over 10,000 colors) from major brands such as Sherwin-Williams, Behr, Benjamin Moore, Valspar, and Glidden. This app was made with simplicity in mind and will save you time from having to go through multiple paint color swatches from multiple brands. I encourage your business to, at the very least, try out the app. Please note that I make no money off of this app for it is free of charge and contains no ads. If you do enjoy the app, please tell your friends and business partners and feel free to email me for any questions or comments about it.\
\
Here is the link to download from the Play Store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nasahapps.vivid\
\
If you are using an iPhone or iPad, unfortunately it is not available on these devices yet but will be available soon.\
\
Thank you for your time,\
\
Hakeem Hasan\
CEO, Nasah Apps\
nasahapps@gmail.com\
}